'\"
.\" (C) Copyright 2001-2004 David A. Wheeler (dwheeler at dwheeler.com)
.\"
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\" 
.\" David A. Wheeler's website is http://www.dwheeler.com
.\"
.\" Created Mon Jan 08 23:00:00 2001, David A. Wheeler (dwheeler at dwheeler.com)
.\"
.TH SLOCCOUNT 1 "25 Juny 2014 "PSB" "PSB"
.SH NAME
PSB \- [P]oisson [S]olver [B]enchmark for gradient field reconstruction.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B main.out
.RB [ --version ]
[ \fB--directory\fR \fIdirectory\fR ]
.RB [ --gauss]
.RB [ --jacboi]
.RB [ --sor]
.RB [ --dst]
.RB [ --dct]
.RB [ --wavelet5]
.RB [ --wavelet7]
.RB [ --nosolve]
.RB [ --r\fR \fIscalar\fR ]
.RB [ -- ]
.I [directories/files...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Read one or several images for input, and perform a gradient field reconstruction.
The results are written to your current directory.
.PP

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.BI --gauss
solve using Gauss-Seidel iterative method

.TP 12
.BI --jacobi
solve using Jacobi iterative method

.TP 12
.BI --sor
solve using sor iterative method

.TP 12
.BI --dst
solve using dst direct method

.TP 12
.BI --dct
solve using dct direct method

.TP 12
.BI --wavelet5
solve using pyramid convolution, using a 5x5 optimized kernel.

.TP 12
.BI --wavelet7
solve using pyramid convolution, using a 7x7 optimized kernel.

.TP
.BI --d " directory"
folder to read images from. Currently, you can only specify one.

.TP
.BI --f " file"
Image to read. Currently, you can only specify one.



.TP 12
.BI --help
Show help message

.TP 12
.BI --n " percent"
Add a given percent of gaussian noise the image before solving.


.TP 12
.BI --p
Get visual feedback of the results. Does not compute well, but can be useful
for debugging.

.TP 12
.BI --r
Multiply the gradient field with a scalar value before solving.

.TP 12
.BI --t " tolerance"
Set the stop criterion (lowest difference between iterations) for iterative solvers.
The default value is 1.0


.TP 12
.BI --v " verbose level"
Set the verbose (stdout) log level. The level can be set from 0 (no output)
to 4 (all output).


.TP 12
.BI --x " verbose level"
Set the verbose (to file) log level. Useful for long log messages, if stdout
is loaded. The level can be set from 0 (no output) to 4 (all output).

.SH "NOTES"
THIS PROGRAM IS IN DEVELOPMENT!!

.SH "BUGS"
Let me know @ https://github.com/andsild/PSB


.SH "SEE ALSO"
PSB github https://github.com/andsild/PSB

.SH AUTHOR
Anders Sildnes, with much needed assistance from Yuanhao Gong and
the MOSAIC group.
